Images Restored (#350)
la-ots/pelican: docs/form-controls/checkbox-tiles.md

---
title: Checkbox Tiles

> summary: Checkbox tiles present with significant choices among multiple options.

Reviewer: I'd like to simplify this sentence a little.

```suggestion
summary: Checkbox tiles allow users to select one or more significant choices from a set of options.
```
